Suppose our team's application is written in Java. Well for some common steps in a CI setup including linting, testing and building, we have many specific tools to handle these steps. If our source code management tool is using gitlab, then gitlab CI is a good CI tool. Furthermore, "Alibaba Cloud YUNXIAO" is also a good tool. It supports code management and automated CI/CD pipeline. The above two tools are common CI tools. As for "Alibaba Cloud YUNXIAO", it supports from task -> code branch -> code submission record -> CI/CD release progress, we can know everything in one project without switching multiple systems.


"Alibaba Cloud YUNXIAO" will perform well in a cloud-based environment. Because Alibaba Cloud will provide corresponding cloud services, we can use just one account to do everything. At the same time, Alibaba Cloud also provides CICD in a customized self-hosted environment. So "Alibaba Cloud YUNXIAO" is a good choice.  However, the advantage of GitLab CI is support for creating Runners in Kubernetes. I guess it would be better to use gitlab CI for golang based projects. Another benefit of using gitlab CI is that it saves money. This is also an advantage for small cost projects.

For how to choose a CI tool in a project, I think the following points should be considered. The first is to consider whether the tool meets all needs and should focus on special needs. The second is whether the tool matches the technology stack the project is using. Also, does the tool have adequate documentation and a rich community to discuss issues that may arise in the project.